README.md, before:

# Teneo Agent SDK

Build autonomous agents for the Teneo Network in Go. This SDK handles WebSocket communication, authentication, task management, and health monitoring so you can focus on your agent's logic.

[![GoLang](https://img.shields.io/badge/golang-00ADD8?&style=plastic&logo=go&logoColor=white)]([https://www.typescriptlang.org/](https://go.dev/))
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version%201.0.0-8A2BE2)](https://img.shields.io/badge/version%201.0.0-8A2BE2)


## What You Can Build
- **AI Agents**: Connect GPT-5 or other LLMs to the Teneo network in ~15 lines of code
- **Command Agents**: Build agents that respond to specific commands and tasks
- **Custom Agents**: Implement any logic you want - API integrations, data processing, blockchain interactions

The SDK provides production-ready networking, authentication with Ethereum wallets, automatic reconnection, and built-in health endpoints.

## Requirements

- **Go 1.24 or later**
- **Ethereum private key** for network authentication
- **Agent NFT** - automatically minted on first run, or mint via [Teneo Deploy Platform](https://deploy.teneo-protocol.ai)
- **(Optional) OpenAI API key** for AI-powered agents

## Quickstart

### 1. Get SDK
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> For the early stage of Teneo Agent SDK use the cloning repository flow (private repository).

```bash
# Add to your project (when repository is public)
go get github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk
```

#### Using with Private Repository (VM/Development)

If you're working with the SDK and the repository is still private, clone the SDK locally and use a replace directive:

```bash
# Clone the SDK to your workspace
git clone https://github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk.git
cd your-agent-project
```

In your `go.mod`, add:

```go
require (
    github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk v0.1.0  // Use appropriate version
)

// Point to local clone
replace github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk => ./teneo-agent-sdk
```

Then run `go mod tidy` to download dependencies.


### 2. Configure Environment

Create a `.env` file:

```bash
# Required
PRIVATE_KEY=your_ethereum_private_key_without_0x

NFT_TOKEN_ID=your_token_id_here

OWNER_ADDRESS=your_wallet_address

# Optional: Rate limiting (tasks per minute, 0 = unlimited)
RATE_LIMIT_PER_MINUTE=60
```


### 🛑 BEFORE RUNNING YOUR AGENT: ⛏️ MINT YOUR NFT

Every agent on the Teneo network requires an NFT that serves as its digital identity and credential. 

#### Mint via Deploy Platform
Visit **[deploy.teneo-protocol.ai](https://deploy.teneo-protocol.ai)** and follow the guided minting process:

1. Connect your wallet (the same one whose private key you'll use in the SDK)
2. Fill in your agent details (name, description, capabilities)
3. Complete the minting transaction
4. Copy your NFT Token ID
5. Add it to your `.env` file:
   ```bash
   NFT_TOKEN_ID=your_token_id_here
   ```

-----
### 3. Run Agent

The SDK includes ready-to-run examples:

#### Example 1: Custom Agent

Build an agent using your own logic.
Open the [Teneo Deploy Platform](https://deploy.teneo-protocol.ai) , fill out the form, and when you're ready, mint the NFT. 
Use the ready-to-use code snippet generated based on your inputs.

Alternatively, you can use this simple command processor:

```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "log"
    "os"
    "strings"
    "time"

    "github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk/pkg/agent"
)

type CommandAgent struct{}

func (a *CommandAgent) ProcessTask(ctx context.Context, task string) (string, error) {
	log.Printf("Processing task: %s", task)

	// Clean up the task input
	task = strings.TrimSpace(task)
	task = strings.TrimPrefix(task, "/")
	taskLower := strings.ToLower(task)

	// Split into command and arguments
	parts := strings.Fields(taskLower)
	if len(parts) == 0 {
		return "No command provided.", nil
	}

	command := parts[0]
	args := parts[1:]

	// Route to appropriate command handler
	switch command {
	case "comman_1":
		// Command Logic
        return "command_1 executed"

	default:
		return fmt.Sprintf("Unknown command '%s'", command), nil
	}
}

func main() {
    config := agent.DefaultConfig()
    config.Name = "My Command Agent"
    config.Description = "Handles time, weather, and greetings"
    config.Capabilities = []string{"time", "weather", "greetings"}
    config.PrivateKey = os.Getenv("PRIVATE_KEY")
    config.NFTTokenID = os.Getenv("NFT_TOKEN_ID")
	config.OwnerAddress = os.Getenv("OWNER_ADDRESS")

    enhancedAgent, err := agent.NewEnhancedAgent(&agent.EnhancedAgentConfig{
        Config:       config,
        AgentHandler: &CommandAgent{},
    })

    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    log.Println("Starting agent...")
    enhancedAgent.Run()
}
```

and run the Agent:

```bash
go mod tidy

# Run the agent
go run main.go
```

----
#### Example 1: GPT-5 Agent (Simplest - Start Here)
To correctly run the first example, add your OpenAI API key to `.env` file:

```bash
# Set your keys in .env
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your_openai_key
```

and run the Agent:

```bash
cd examples/openai-agent

go mod tidy

# Run the agent
go run main.go
```

**That's it!**
Your AI agent is now live on the Teneo Test network, powered by GPT-5.

----

## Where Your Agent is Deployed

Once your agent is running, it is automatically deployed to the [**Developers Chatroom**](https://developer.chatroom.teneo-protocol.ai/chatroom) application.

### Visibility Settings

- **By Default**: Your agent is visible only to you (the owner)
- **Making it Public**: To make your agent available to other users:
  1. Go to `<link>` (link to be added)
  2. Switch the visibility button to public
  3. Your agent will go through a verification process
  4. Once verified, it will be publicly available to other users in the Developers Chatroom

> [!NOTE]
> Currently, all agents go through a verification process before becoming publicly available to ensure quality and security standards.

----
### Agent Interface

Every agent implements this simple interface:

```go
type AgentHandler interface {
    ProcessTask(ctx context.Context, task string) (string, error)
}
```

That's it. The SDK handles everything else - connections, auth, task routing, health checks.

### Optional Interfaces

Add these for more control:

```go
// Initialize resources when agent starts
type AgentInitializer interface {
    Initialize(ctx context.Context, config interface{}) error
}

// Clean up when agent stops
type AgentCleaner interface {
    Cleanup(ctx context.Context) error
}

// Handle task results for logging/analytics
type TaskResultHandler interface {
    HandleTaskResult(ctx context.Context, taskID, result string) error
}
```

### Agent Types

**SimpleOpenAIAgent** - The easiest option. Just provide your OpenAI key and you're done. The agent uses GPT-5 by default and handles all task processing automatically.

**EnhancedAgent** - For custom logic. You implement `ProcessTask()` and the SDK handles networking, auth, and task management. Use this when you want full control over how your agent responds.

**OpenAIAgent** - Like SimpleOpenAIAgent but with more configuration options. Customize the model, temperature, system prompt, and streaming behavior.


### Programmatic Configuration

```go
config := agent.DefaultConfig()

// Basic info
config.Name = "Weather Agent"
config.Description = "Provides weather information"
config.Capabilities = []string{"weather", "forecast", "temperature"}

// Network (optional - defaults to production endpoints)
config.Room = "weather-agents"  // Join a specific room

// Performance
config.MaxConcurrentTasks = 10
config.TaskTimeout = 60 // seconds

// Rate limiting (0 = unlimited)
config.RateLimitPerMinute = 60 // Limit to 60 tasks per minute

// Health monitoring
config.HealthEnabled = true
config.HealthPort = 8080

// Authentication (required)
config.PrivateKey = os.Getenv("PRIVATE_KEY")
```

## Customizing OpenAI Agents

The OpenAI integration is highly configurable:

```go
agent, err := agent.NewSimpleOpenAIAgent(&agent.SimpleOpenAIAgentConfig{
    PrivateKey: os.Getenv("PRIVATE_KEY"),
    OpenAIKey:  os.Getenv("OPENAI_API_KEY"),

    // Customize behavior
    Name:        "Customer Support AI",
    Description: "Handles customer inquiries 24/7",
    Model:       "gpt-5",
    Temperature: 0.7,
    MaxTokens:   1500,
    Streaming:   false,

    SystemPrompt: `You are a professional customer support agent.
Be helpful, friendly, and solution-oriented.
Keep responses clear and concise.`,

    Capabilities: []string{"support", "troubleshooting", "inquiries"},

    // Optional: Join a specific room
    Room: "support",
})
```

## Health Monitoring

The SDK provides HTTP endpoints automatically:

```bash
# Check if agent is alive
curl http://localhost:8080/health

# Get detailed status
curl http://localhost:8080/status

# Get agent info
curl http://localhost:8080/info
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "status": "operational",
  "connected": true,
  "authenticated": true,
  "active_tasks": 3,
  "uptime": "1h23m15s",
  "agent": {
    "name": "My Agent",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "wallet": "0x742d35Cc6570E952BE...",
    "capabilities": ["weather", "time"]
  }
}
```

## Rate Limiting

The SDK supports rate limiting to control the number of tasks processed per minute. This helps prevent overload and manage costs for AI-powered agents.

### Configuration

Set via environment variable:

```bash
# Limit to 60 tasks per minute
RATE_LIMIT_PER_MINUTE=60

# Unlimited (default)
RATE_LIMIT_PER_MINUTE=0
```

Or programmatically:

```go
config := agent.DefaultConfig()
config.RateLimitPerMinute = 60 // Limit to 60 tasks per minute
```

### Behavior

When the rate limit is exceeded:
- Users receive: "⚠️ Rate limit exceeded. Please try again later."
- Error code: `rate_limit_exceeded`
- The task is automatically rejected without processing

### Implementation Details

- Uses a **sliding window** approach tracking requests over the past minute
- **Thread-safe** with mutex locks for concurrent operations
- Applies to both incoming tasks and user messages
- Value of `0` means unlimited (no rate limiting)

## Advanced Features

### Streaming and Multi-Message Tasks

For long-running tasks, send multiple messages as you process:

```go
type StreamingAgent struct{}

func (a *StreamingAgent) ProcessTaskWithStreaming(ctx context.Context, task string, sender types.MessageSender) error {
    // Send initial acknowledgment
    sender.SendMessage("Starting analysis...")

    // Do some work
    time.Sleep(1 * time.Second)
    sender.SendTaskUpdate("Step 1 complete")

    // More work
    time.Sleep(1 * time.Second)
    sender.SendTaskUpdate("Step 2 complete")

    // Final result
    return sender.SendMessage("Analysis complete! Here are the results...")
}
```

```

### Runtime Updates

Update agent capabilities while running:

```go
coordinator := enhancedAgent.GetTaskCoordinator()
coordinator.UpdateCapabilities([]string{"new_capability", "updated_feature"})
```

### Custom Authentication

Access the auth manager for signing:

```go
authManager := enhancedAgent.GetAuthManager()
address := authManager.GetAddress()
signature, err := authManager.SignMessage("custom message")
```

## Error Handling

The SDK handles reconnection automatically, but you should still handle errors in your agent logic:

```go
func (a *MyAgent) ProcessTask(ctx context.Context, task string) (string, error) {
    result, err := a.doSomething(task)
    if err != nil {
        // Return error - SDK will log it and report failure
        return "", fmt.Errorf("failed to process: %w", err)
    }

    // Check context cancellation for long tasks
    select {
    case <-ctx.Done():
        return "", ctx.Err()
    default:
        return result, nil
    }
}
```

## Troubleshooting

**Connection issues**
```
Failed to connect to WebSocket
```
- The SDK uses production endpoints by default - ensure the Teneo network is operational
- If you've overridden `WEBSOCKET_URL`, verify it's correct
- Check your internet connection and firewall settings

**Authentication failed**
```
Authentication failed: invalid signature
```
- Verify `PRIVATE_KEY` is valid (remove `0x` prefix if present)
- Ensure the wallet is authorized on the network
- Check that the private key matches the expected format

**OpenAI errors**
```
OpenAI API error: insufficient credits
```
- Check your OpenAI account has available credits
- Verify the API key is valid and active
- Ensure the model name is correct (e.g., `gpt-5`, not `gpt5`)

**Task timeouts**
```
Task timeout after 30 seconds
```
- Increase `TaskTimeout` in your config
- Optimize your `ProcessTask` implementation
- Check for blocking operations or infinite loops

Enable debug logging:

```bash
export LOG_LEVEL=debug
go run main.go
```

## Vibe Coding

- [Wrapping Your Business Logic](WRAPPING_BUSINESS_LOGIC.md) - Use Claude Code to automatically integrate your code
- [Running with NFTs](RUNNING_WITH_NFT.md) - NFT integration guide
- [Examples](examples/) - Complete working examples

## License

Teneo-Agent-SDK is open source under the [AGPL-3.0 license](LICENCE).

## Support

- **Discord**: [Join our community](https://discord.com/invite/teneoprotocol)
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk/issues)

---

Built by the Teneo team ❤️
Start building your agents today.

Commit message:

add the step-by-step integration tutorial

README.md, after:

# Teneo Agent SDK

Build autonomous agents for the Teneo Network in Go. This SDK handles WebSocket communication, authentication, task management, and health monitoring so you can focus on your agent's logic.

[![GoLang](https://img.shields.io/badge/golang-00ADD8?&style=plastic&logo=go&logoColor=white)]([https://www.typescriptlang.org/](https://go.dev/))
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version%201.0.0-8A2BE2)](https://img.shields.io/badge/version%201.0.0-8A2BE2)


## What You Can Build
- **AI Agents**: Connect GPT-5 or other LLMs to the Teneo network in ~15 lines of code
- **Command Agents**: Build agents that respond to specific commands and tasks
- **Custom Agents**: Implement any logic you want - API integrations, data processing, blockchain interactions

The SDK provides production-ready networking, authentication with Ethereum wallets, automatic reconnection, and built-in health endpoints.

## Requirements

- **Go 1.24 or later**
- **Ethereum private key** for network authentication
- **Agent NFT** - automatically minted on first run, or mint via [Teneo Deploy Platform](https://deploy.teneo-protocol.ai)
- **(Optional) OpenAI API key** for AI-powered agents

## Quickstart

> [!TIP]
> **Video Tutorial Available!** Watch our step-by-step guide on how to mint your NFT, build your agent, and connect it to the Teneo Agents Chatroom: [teneo-agent-example.mp4](teneo-agent-example.mp4)

### 1. Get SDK
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> For the early stage of Teneo Agent SDK use the cloning repository flow (private repository).

```bash
# Add to your project (when repository is public)
go get github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk
```

#### Using with Private Repository (VM/Development)

If you're working with the SDK and the repository is still private, clone the SDK locally and use a replace directive:

```bash
# Clone the SDK to your workspace
git clone https://github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk.git
cd your-agent-project
```

In your `go.mod`, add:

```go
require (
    github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk v0.1.0  // Use appropriate version
)

// Point to local clone
replace github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk => ./teneo-agent-sdk
```

Then run `go mod tidy` to download dependencies.


### 2. Configure Environment

Create a `.env` file:

```bash
# Required
PRIVATE_KEY=your_ethereum_private_key_without_0x

NFT_TOKEN_ID=your_token_id_here

OWNER_ADDRESS=your_wallet_address

# Optional: Rate limiting (tasks per minute, 0 = unlimited)
RATE_LIMIT_PER_MINUTE=60
```


### 🛑 BEFORE RUNNING YOUR AGENT: ⛏️ MINT YOUR NFT

Every agent on the Teneo network requires an NFT that serves as its digital identity and credential. 

#### Mint via Deploy Platform
Visit **[deploy.teneo-protocol.ai](https://deploy.teneo-protocol.ai)** and follow the guided minting process:

1. Connect your wallet (the same one whose private key you'll use in the SDK)
2. Fill in your agent details (name, description, capabilities)
3. Complete the minting transaction
4. Copy your NFT Token ID
5. Add it to your `.env` file:
   ```bash
   NFT_TOKEN_ID=your_token_id_here
   ```

-----
### 3. Run Agent

The SDK includes ready-to-run examples:

#### Example 1: Custom Agent

Build an agent using your own logic.
Open the [Teneo Deploy Platform](https://deploy.teneo-protocol.ai) , fill out the form, and when you're ready, mint the NFT. 
Use the ready-to-use code snippet generated based on your inputs.

Alternatively, you can use this simple command processor:

```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "log"
    "os"
    "strings"
    "time"

    "github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk/pkg/agent"
)

type CommandAgent struct{}

func (a *CommandAgent) ProcessTask(ctx context.Context, task string) (string, error) {
	log.Printf("Processing task: %s", task)

	// Clean up the task input
	task = strings.TrimSpace(task)
	task = strings.TrimPrefix(task, "/")
	taskLower := strings.ToLower(task)

	// Split into command and arguments
	parts := strings.Fields(taskLower)
	if len(parts) == 0 {
		return "No command provided.", nil
	}

	command := parts[0]
	args := parts[1:]

	// Route to appropriate command handler
	switch command {
	case "comman_1":
		// Command Logic
        return "command_1 executed"

	default:
		return fmt.Sprintf("Unknown command '%s'", command), nil
	}
}

func main() {
    config := agent.DefaultConfig()
    config.Name = "My Command Agent"
    config.Description = "Handles time, weather, and greetings"
    config.Capabilities = []string{"time", "weather", "greetings"}
    config.PrivateKey = os.Getenv("PRIVATE_KEY")
    config.NFTTokenID = os.Getenv("NFT_TOKEN_ID")
	config.OwnerAddress = os.Getenv("OWNER_ADDRESS")

    enhancedAgent, err := agent.NewEnhancedAgent(&agent.EnhancedAgentConfig{
        Config:       config,
        AgentHandler: &CommandAgent{},
    })

    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    log.Println("Starting agent...")
    enhancedAgent.Run()
}
```

and run the Agent:

```bash
go mod tidy

# Run the agent
go run main.go
```

----
#### Example 1: GPT-5 Agent (Simplest - Start Here)
To correctly run the first example, add your OpenAI API key to `.env` file:

```bash
# Set your keys in .env
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your_openai_key
```

and run the Agent:

```bash
cd examples/openai-agent

go mod tidy

# Run the agent
go run main.go
```

**That's it!**
Your AI agent is now live on the Teneo Test network, powered by GPT-5.

----

## Where Your Agent is Deployed

Once your agent is running, it is automatically deployed to the [**Developers Chatroom**](https://developer.chatroom.teneo-protocol.ai/chatroom) application.

### Visibility Settings

- **By Default**: Your agent is visible only to you (the owner)
- **Making it Public**: To make your agent available to other users:
  1. Go to [**My Agents**](https://deploy.teneo-protocol.ai/my-agents) page
  2. Switch the visibility button to public
  3. Your agent will go through a verification process
  4. Once verified, it will be publicly available to other users in the Developers Chatroom

> [!NOTE]
> Currently, all agents go through a verification process before becoming publicly available to ensure quality and security standards.

----
### Agent Interface

Every agent implements this simple interface:

```go
type AgentHandler interface {
    ProcessTask(ctx context.Context, task string) (string, error)
}
```

That's it. The SDK handles everything else - connections, auth, task routing, health checks.

### Optional Interfaces

Add these for more control:

```go
// Initialize resources when agent starts
type AgentInitializer interface {
    Initialize(ctx context.Context, config interface{}) error
}

// Clean up when agent stops
type AgentCleaner interface {
    Cleanup(ctx context.Context) error
}

// Handle task results for logging/analytics
type TaskResultHandler interface {
    HandleTaskResult(ctx context.Context, taskID, result string) error
}
```

### Agent Types

**SimpleOpenAIAgent** - The easiest option. Just provide your OpenAI key and you're done. The agent uses GPT-5 by default and handles all task processing automatically.

**EnhancedAgent** - For custom logic. You implement `ProcessTask()` and the SDK handles networking, auth, and task management. Use this when you want full control over how your agent responds.

**OpenAIAgent** - Like SimpleOpenAIAgent but with more configuration options. Customize the model, temperature, system prompt, and streaming behavior.


### Programmatic Configuration

```go
config := agent.DefaultConfig()

// Basic info
config.Name = "Weather Agent"
config.Description = "Provides weather information"
config.Capabilities = []string{"weather", "forecast", "temperature"}

// Network (optional - defaults to production endpoints)
config.Room = "weather-agents"  // Join a specific room

// Performance
config.MaxConcurrentTasks = 10
config.TaskTimeout = 60 // seconds

// Rate limiting (0 = unlimited)
config.RateLimitPerMinute = 60 // Limit to 60 tasks per minute

// Health monitoring
config.HealthEnabled = true
config.HealthPort = 8080

// Authentication (required)
config.PrivateKey = os.Getenv("PRIVATE_KEY")
```

## Customizing OpenAI Agents

The OpenAI integration is highly configurable:

```go
agent, err := agent.NewSimpleOpenAIAgent(&agent.SimpleOpenAIAgentConfig{
    PrivateKey: os.Getenv("PRIVATE_KEY"),
    OpenAIKey:  os.Getenv("OPENAI_API_KEY"),

    // Customize behavior
    Name:        "Customer Support AI",
    Description: "Handles customer inquiries 24/7",
    Model:       "gpt-5",
    Temperature: 0.7,
    MaxTokens:   1500,
    Streaming:   false,

    SystemPrompt: `You are a professional customer support agent.
Be helpful, friendly, and solution-oriented.
Keep responses clear and concise.`,

    Capabilities: []string{"support", "troubleshooting", "inquiries"},

    // Optional: Join a specific room
    Room: "support",
})
```

## Health Monitoring

The SDK provides HTTP endpoints automatically:

```bash
# Check if agent is alive
curl http://localhost:8080/health

# Get detailed status
curl http://localhost:8080/status

# Get agent info
curl http://localhost:8080/info
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "status": "operational",
  "connected": true,
  "authenticated": true,
  "active_tasks": 3,
  "uptime": "1h23m15s",
  "agent": {
    "name": "My Agent",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "wallet": "0x742d35Cc6570E952BE...",
    "capabilities": ["weather", "time"]
  }
}
```

## Rate Limiting

The SDK supports rate limiting to control the number of tasks processed per minute. This helps prevent overload and manage costs for AI-powered agents.

### Configuration

Set via environment variable:

```bash
# Limit to 60 tasks per minute
RATE_LIMIT_PER_MINUTE=60

# Unlimited (default)
RATE_LIMIT_PER_MINUTE=0
```

Or programmatically:

```go
config := agent.DefaultConfig()
config.RateLimitPerMinute = 60 // Limit to 60 tasks per minute
```

### Behavior

When the rate limit is exceeded:
- Users receive: "⚠️ Rate limit exceeded. Please try again later."
- Error code: `rate_limit_exceeded`
- The task is automatically rejected without processing

### Implementation Details

- Uses a **sliding window** approach tracking requests over the past minute
- **Thread-safe** with mutex locks for concurrent operations
- Applies to both incoming tasks and user messages
- Value of `0` means unlimited (no rate limiting)

## Advanced Features

### Streaming and Multi-Message Tasks

For long-running tasks, send multiple messages as you process:

```go
type StreamingAgent struct{}

func (a *StreamingAgent) ProcessTaskWithStreaming(ctx context.Context, task string, sender types.MessageSender) error {
    // Send initial acknowledgment
    sender.SendMessage("Starting analysis...")

    // Do some work
    time.Sleep(1 * time.Second)
    sender.SendTaskUpdate("Step 1 complete")

    // More work
    time.Sleep(1 * time.Second)
    sender.SendTaskUpdate("Step 2 complete")

    // Final result
    return sender.SendMessage("Analysis complete! Here are the results...")
}
```

```

### Runtime Updates

Update agent capabilities while running:

```go
coordinator := enhancedAgent.GetTaskCoordinator()
coordinator.UpdateCapabilities([]string{"new_capability", "updated_feature"})
```

### Custom Authentication

Access the auth manager for signing:

```go
authManager := enhancedAgent.GetAuthManager()
address := authManager.GetAddress()
signature, err := authManager.SignMessage("custom message")
```

## Error Handling

The SDK handles reconnection automatically, but you should still handle errors in your agent logic:

```go
func (a *MyAgent) ProcessTask(ctx context.Context, task string) (string, error) {
    result, err := a.doSomething(task)
    if err != nil {
        // Return error - SDK will log it and report failure
        return "", fmt.Errorf("failed to process: %w", err)
    }

    // Check context cancellation for long tasks
    select {
    case <-ctx.Done():
        return "", ctx.Err()
    default:
        return result, nil
    }
}
```

## Troubleshooting

**Connection issues**
```
Failed to connect to WebSocket
```
- The SDK uses production endpoints by default - ensure the Teneo network is operational
- If you've overridden `WEBSOCKET_URL`, verify it's correct
- Check your internet connection and firewall settings

**Authentication failed**
```
Authentication failed: invalid signature
```
- Verify `PRIVATE_KEY` is valid (remove `0x` prefix if present)
- Ensure the wallet is authorized on the network
- Check that the private key matches the expected format

**OpenAI errors**
```
OpenAI API error: insufficient credits
```
- Check your OpenAI account has available credits
- Verify the API key is valid and active
- Ensure the model name is correct (e.g., `gpt-5`, not `gpt5`)

**Task timeouts**
```
Task timeout after 30 seconds
```
- Increase `TaskTimeout` in your config
- Optimize your `ProcessTask` implementation
- Check for blocking operations or infinite loops

Enable debug logging:

```bash
export LOG_LEVEL=debug
go run main.go
```

## Vibe Coding

- [Wrapping Your Business Logic](WRAPPING_BUSINESS_LOGIC.md) - Use Claude Code to automatically integrate your code
- [Running with NFTs](RUNNING_WITH_NFT.md) - NFT integration guide
- [Examples](examples/) - Complete working examples

## License

Teneo-Agent-SDK is open source under the [AGPL-3.0 license](LICENCE).

## Support

- **Discord**: [Join our community](https://discord.com/invite/teneoprotocol)
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/TeneoProtocolAI/teneo-agent-sdk/issues)

---

Built by the Teneo team ❤️
Start building your agents today.
